docs: Improve access_endpoint attr desc for aws_appstream_image_builder (#35518)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/appstream_image_builder.html.markdown

The `access_endpoint` block supports the following arguments:

> * `endpoint_type` - (Required) Type of interface endpoint. Valid values: `STREAMING`

Reviewer: We've had a lot of times where listing valid values winds up with the options getting out of sync, so I tend towards linking directly to the AWS API docs for this type of thing.

```suggestion
* `endpoint_type` - (Required) Type of interface endpoint. For valid values, refer to the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appstream2/latest/APIReference/API_AccessEndpoint.html)
```

Author: Thanks, will follow this convention going forward.

> * `vpce_id` - (Optional) Identifier (ID) of the interface VPC endpoint.

Reviewer: No notes here, just _wow_ I had to read the AWS docs, this, and the argument name several times to wrap my head around it because of the weird description issues 😅. Thanks for wording this in a way that made it make sense!

* `arn` - ARN of the appstream image builder.
* `created_time` -  Date and time, in UTC and extended RFC 3339 format, when the image builder was created.
* `id` - Name of the image builder.

> * `state` - State of the image builder. Valid values: `PENDING`, `UPDATING_AGENT`, `RUNNING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `REBOOTING`, `SNAPSHOTTING`, `DELETING`, `FAILED`, `UPDATING`, `PENDING_QUALIFICATION`

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above, but this one does challenge my perception of this a bit. I added the `#state` anchor link tag, but it doesn't seem to really work, meaning this link goes to a fairly length page that you need to scroll down to the `state` header on.

In your opinion, does it make more sense to list here vs. linking? 

```suggestion
* `state` - State of the image builder. For valid values, see the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appstream2/latest/APIReference/API_ImageBuilder.html#state)
```

Author: I was looking at the HTML of the documentation for the anchor and it seems that `#AppStream2-Type-ImageBuilder-State` works:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appstream2/latest/APIReference/API_ImageBuilder.html#AppStream2-Type-ImageBuilder-State

I'll update the PR with all the proposed changes with a new commit.
